##Lego Parts Inventory website

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My website I created is for the tracking of Lego parts.  This is of interest to me because I am an AFoL.  Unabbreviated, that stands for Adult Fan of Lego’s.  I love Lego. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;New users can register.  The registration page will provide feedback to the user to let them know if a username or email address is already in use.  It will also provide feedback if they try to enter invalid characters or if they leave a field blank that is required.  When you register and it accepts everything, you will be signed in and taken to the home page.  On the home page you will be welcomed by your username.  If you already had an account, you would go to the sign in page to gain entrance to the site.  Once in the site, if you go to the forms page, you can view data from the database.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Once you are on the forms page as a general user you will see five buttons on the side that will allow you to, when clicked, see a table view of all the records in that category.  At this point, as a general user, that is about all you can do.  Now, someone who has admin rights will see six buttons on the side.  The first one is a user table which allows the admin to see the users in the system.  The Lego data tables will also have drop-down buttons allowing for the adding of new records.  The admin can also, once a table is loaded, click on any record and they will be taken to a form page allowing them to modify or delete the record.  When an admin chooses to work on a SetPart or ColorPart, they will be able to use drop down menus to select the id’s of parts and colors.  This way, only valid entries can be used.  When adding, modifying, or deleting records, there are various feedbacks to allow the user to know if they have entered valid input.  This helps to maintain the database’s integrity.